## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | May 07, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|  | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|  | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO |  | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – Technical Lead HRG | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante |  | Lucas, Michael – Cognosante  | x | Woodroof, Mandi – AbleVets |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance




### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 09 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1)	**Nilesh** did the roll call. </br> </br>  2)	**Piyush** shared the ATO dashboard on screen and reviewed the dashboard. </br> </br>  3)	**David** provided an update on the PTA status.  We've overcome the locked document issue and have the got the signature from SO.   </br> </br>  4) **Conor** provided update on the development task and challenges with some non-parse-able RPCs.  </br> </br>  5)	**Michael** talked about the development team's focus on testing this week.   </br> </br> | 6) **Connor** explained how they are using the VAEC environments. | 
| 4. |	Next Steps | Continue working on the ATO Document signatures. |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:20 pm |




### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: Setup additional discussion regarding Architecture, SDD review with Conor | Nilesh Lal | 05-07-2019 | 05-14-2019 | - | - | 
| 2. | AI 2: Follow up on data refresh for Palo Alto | Cheryl Owsley | 05-07-2019 | 05-14-2019 | - | - |
| 3. | AI 3: Access for Christie/Adam to the VA EC environment | Nilesh Lal | 05-07-2019 | 05-14-2019 | - | - |



