## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | April 23, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| x | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|   | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO |  | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – Technical Lead HRG | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
|  | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante |  | Lucas, Michael – Cognosante  |  | Teeple, James – Cognosante |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance




### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 09 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1)	**Nilesh** escalated the issue of availability of the **SO** and **PO’s** time on this project. </br> </br> 2)	**Piyush** provided an update on the changes to the ATO Dashboards and the next steps for documents completed by AV for 05-01-2019 ATO document readiness. </br> </br> 3)	**David** informed the group that SDR (System Design Review) SOP requires Registration with VA SWA Program Office. </br> </br> He also reviewed the inherited controls. </br> </br> 4)	**Dr. Richards** reviewed ATO Dashboard’s action items (Next Steps) in detail. </br> </br> He asked the team to make sure to mark a copy of all signature required emails to PO, SO, ISO to Cheryl so she can do her follow up with them. </br> </br> 5)	**Conor** gave a technical update on Kinesis and Mirror. </br> </br> He also discussed RPC Mirror’s scaling.  </br> </br> 6)	**Michael** informed the group that the technical team has finalized the Kinesis update and that the AWS CloudWatch update will happen later. </br> </br> 7)	Incidence response training is set up with Bobbi on 04-24-2019 at 2:00 PM. Required VA attendance: Dr. Richards, Cheryl, and Christopher Brown. </br> </br> 8)	**Michael** added Cheryl to the GitHub vistadataproject. </br> </br> |
| 4. |	Next Steps | Continue working on the ATO Documents and 05-02-2019 deliverables.   |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:48 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: Create new issues by VA Role and identify the ATO documents each role need to sign | Piyush Thesia | 04-23-2019 | 04-23-2019 | 04-23-2019| :white_check_mark: | 
| 2. | AI 2:  Ensure to copy Cheryl on Signature required emails to PO, SO, and ISO | Nilesh Lal and </br> David Faulkner | 04-23-2019 | 04-24-2019 | 04-24-2019 | - |
| 3. | AI 3:  Provide Point of Contact(s) for the two identified IOC sites | Dr. Richards | 04-23-2019 | 04-30-2019 | - | - |
| 4. | AI 4:  Add Cheryl to GitHub | Nilesh Lal | 04-23-2019 | 04-23-2019 | 04-23-2019 | :white_check_mark: |
| 5. | AI 5: Incidence response training on 04-24-2019 at 2:00 PM. Required VA attendance: Dr. Richards, Cheryl, and Christopher Brown | Nilesh Lal and Cheryl Owsley | 04-23-2019 | 04-24-2019 | - | - |

