## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | June 25, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|  | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
| x  | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |  | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO | 
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – HRG Technical Lead | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante | x | Begay, Bobbi – VA ISSO  | x | Woodroof, Mandi – AbleVets Technical Writer |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  |  | Sharma, Rahul – AbleVets DevOps Engineer |
| x | Solomon-Jackson, Charles - VA | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst | | |


x = in attendance


### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 13 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1) **Nilesh** did the roll call. </br> </br> 2) **Piyush** gave an update on Bobbi's PIA review and the re-approval from the PIA Support Group and PO.  The document is with the SO for his signature. </br> </br> 3)  **David** mentioned five other documents are ready for final signatures.  </br> </br> 4) **David** provided a detailed update on the stats of the scans.  </br> </br>  5) **Conor** provided an update on the RPC Mirror and Monitor. </br> </br> 6) **Conor** also mentioned that the RPC Test Suite is being finalized. </br> </br> 7) **Nilesh** requested that the team to complete the required TRM Training without any further delays. </br> </br>  8) **Nilesh** provided an update on Christie and Adam's PIV access and onboarding  | 
| 4. |	Next Steps | Complete CSOC Scans. Get final signatures on ATO Docs.  |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:25 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: - | - |  - | - | - | - |


