## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | July 09, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|  | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner |  | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM | x | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|   | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |  | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO | 
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director |  | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – HRG Technical Lead | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer |  | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
|  | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante | x | Begay, Bobbi – VA ISSO  | x | Woodroof, Mandi – AbleVets Technical Writer |
|  | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Sharma, Rahul – AbleVets DevOps Engineer |
|  | Solomon-Jackson, Charles - VA | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst | | |


x = in attendance


### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 08 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br>  1. high level summaries will be presented for:  </br>  a. Management  </br>  b. Technical  </br> </br> 2. Agenda for each track:  </br>  i. Overview of progress  </br> ii. What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii. What is planned for the coming week </br>  iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1) **Nilesh** did the roll call and informed the group that all ATO documents are signed. And </br> </br>  **Nilesh** also mentioned that **Bobbi’s** group is reviewing the ATO package this week. </br> </br> Nilesh also said that we are working on the Fortify Scan issue with guidance from **Dr. Richards**. </br> </br> 2) **Bobbi** brought up a concern regarding the potential delay in submitting the ATO package as RiskVision may be frozen from updates by this weekend 07-14-2019 to prepare for eMASS migration. </br> </br>  She also mentioned that migration from RiskVision to eMASS may be completed by the end of July 2019. </br> </br>  3) **Bobbi** also mentioned that once in eMASS, we will have to provide more details than required by RiskVision for the ATO. </br> </br> 4) **Michael** provided technical updates on testing </br> </br> 5) **Dr. Richards** was not available for the meeting today. </br> </br> 6) **Nilesh** reminded the technical team to complete the TRM training before 07-26-2019 due date and send the completion certificates to AbleVets. </br> </br> 7) **Nilesh** notified the team that as of 07-07-2019 **Dana Newcomb** will be the new **CO** and **Josh McGarry** will be the new **CS** on VAM project | 
| 4. |	Next Steps | Complete RiskVision Review with Bobbi.  |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:15 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: Mike and HRG team need to submit the TRM training certificates. | Michael Furoyama |  07-09-2019 | 07-16-2019 | - | - |



