  Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration
                  VistA Adaptive Maintenance (VAM) VAEC Security 
                      Weekly Meeting Minutes
                      
Access Information https://meet.rtc.va.gov/nilesh.lal/9DDGL1CS

844-376-0278, access code: 63568907 (East)

844-815-1331, access code: 63568907 (East)

844-770-5400, access code: 63568907 (East)

Facilitator: Nilesh Lal

Scribe: Piyush Thesia

## VistA Adaptive Maintenance II - Weekly Meeting Notes

03-12-2019

### Agenda
1.	High level summaries will be presented for:
  a.	Management
  b.	Technical
2.	Agenda for each track:
  i.	Overview of progress
  ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week
  iii.	What is planned for the coming week
  iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart)
3.	Meeting minutes will be distributed as Mark Down file within 24 hours on GitHub (https://github.com/vistadataproject/VAM2ProjectManagement/tree/master/Documents)


### Attendees 
1.  Dr. Rafael Richards – VA Business Owner
2.	Ms. Cheryl Owsley – VA PM
3.	Mr. Conor Dowling – Caregraf Technical Architect
4.	Mr. Michael Furoyama – Technical Lead HRG
5.	Mr. Adam Akamine - HRG Developer
6.	Ms. Christie Rindle – HRG Developer
7.	Mr. Nilesh Lal - AbleVets PM
8.	Mr. David Faulkner – AbleVets System Security Engineer
9.	Mr. Piyush Thesia – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst
10.	Mr. Michael Lucas – Cognosante
11.	Mr. James Teeple – Congnosante

### Key Points
1.	Nilesh:  Provided details of the ATO Dashboard.  He Identified Risk Vision info from the previous project.  The link to GitHub for ATO docs (https://github.com/vistadataproject/VAM2ProjectManagement/blob/master/ATO/VAM_ATO_Dashboard.md)
2.	Connor – provided high-level technical updates on RPC interface. He mentioned there are a lot of redundant or non-used RPC interfaces.  He updated that technical team is on target with their goals.
3.	Mike Furoyama:  His team is on track for the March 15th release.
4.	Dr. Richards asked to provide RiskVision documentation status?
Specifically:
a)	What % of documents are completed? 
Answer: Outside of Risk Vision a lot of work has been accomplished in the previous project that is still relevant to VAM2.  However, each doc needs to be revisited and updated.
b)	What documents/task we need to do next?
Answer:  Getting access to Risk Vision by Friday, March 15, 2019.
c)	Estimated date of completion?
Answer:  Roughly 2 months, upon getting Risk Vision access.
1.	Dr. Richards introduced new security guys on Security from Joe Fourcade’s team – Michael and James.
2.	Planning for 21st Meeting:  Technical Kickoff Meeting with AWS Deployment team in Herndon, VA. This meeting will delve deep in all details for swim lanes and tracks for VAM2. 
3.	Agenda items for the Technical Deep Dive from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM on March 21, 2019:  VAM2 Deployment in AWS.
5.	Cognosante team member Edward James had questions on VAM2 and Dr. Richards delved deep into explaining the benefits of VAM2. THE VAM2 project is about performing the audit of the RPCs touching the VistA. 

## Action Items
All Action Items are tracked in Github. 
https://github.com/vistadataproject/VAM2ProjectManagement/issues

