## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: |	April 09, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:38 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: |	Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| x | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner |  | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|   | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO |  | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – Technical Lead HRG | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante |  | Lucas, Michael – Cognosante  |  | Teeple, James – Cognosante |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer | x | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance


### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 10 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1) **Nilesh** updated the group that the management team has started a steady flow of ATO documents to Dr. Richards for his review.  </br> </br> 2) **Piyush** discussed the changes and updates to the ATO Dashboard in GitHub.  </br> </br> 3) **David** talked about RiskVision in detail.  The work accomplished was discussed in-depth including a conversation on David’s detailed review of inherited controls in RiskVision.  </br> </br> 4) **Conor** updated the group on is work on definition toolkit. The technical team is looking at the MUMPS code. He also mentioned that the team is focusing on different kinds of patient logins that include RPC calls and other different call/log types like FileMan.   </br> </br> 5) **Michael** said Kinesis is implemented and RPC loop against it was checked. We are now Cloud Native.  </br> </br> 6) **Dr. Richards** expressed that he is happy with the ATO documents and appreciates the effort David is making in reviewing the inherited controls in RiskVision. He emphasized the importance of a good System Design Document that both the Management and Technical team are working together on. </br> </br> 7)	**Kristen** sent a note that there is a CRM codument showing the inherited items (https://vaww.portal.va.gov/sites/ECS/Pages/Cybersecurity-in-the-VAEC.aspx) </br> </br> 8) **Nilesh and David** updated the group that Rita Grewal has been assigned as the Privacy Officer for our project. |
| 4. |	Next Steps | Continue sending the completed ATO documents for Dr. Richards' review   |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 4:38 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1:  Add BIA, SDD, and PTA document details to the "Other" ATO dashboard. | Piyush Thesia | 04-09-2019 | 04-10-2019 | 04-10-2019 | :white_check_mark: | 
| 2. | AI 2:  Send each ATO document as a separate email in MS Word (instead of bundling a few documents in one mail) for his review and validation. The subject of the email has to be the file name of the document. | David Faulkner | 04-09-2019 | 04-16-2019 | - | - |
| 3. | AI 3:  Send the updated SDD document with Conor's and Michael's input to Dr. Richards| Nilesh Lal | 04-09-2019 | 05-02-2019 | - | - |
