## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: |	March 26, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:35 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: |	Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| x | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
| x  | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO | x | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS |  | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO |
| x | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – Technical Lead HRG | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante |  | Lucas, Michael – Cognosante  |  | Teeple, James – Cognosante |
| x | Rindle, Christie – HRG Developer |  |   | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance


### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 13 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1) **Nilesh** highlighted the work done this week in RV. We are taking Cheryl’s help to get a PO assigned to VAM2. </br> </br> 2) **Piyush** discussed the changed made to the ATO Dashboard this week. </br> </br> 3) **David** talked about how we access or maintain documents in RV and what docs or details we update RV with. He talked about peer reviews prior to documents going to Bobbi for her review and signatures. </br> </br> 4) **David** also mentioned that he is refreshing the RV documents and soon will present these documents for Dr. Richard’s review. </br> </br> 5) **Conor** updated the group on 03-21-2019's Technical Deep Dive meeting's outcome.  He mentioned that there is a trail of the RPC calls on VistA. The technical team is looking at MUMPS code for Signature of these trails for proper classification. https://github.com/vistadataproject/VAM2ProjectManagement/blob/master/Documents/weekly_meeting_minutes/Technical%20Deep%20Dive%20Meeting%20at%20AWS%20on%2003-21-2019.md </br> </br> 6) **Michael** talked about technical kickoff meeting being very useful.  He discussed the concept of Traffic Mirroring. Splitting RPC traffic screens. Sending the traffic to VistA and sending a stream to Kinesis through RPC Mirror application.  He mentioned the outcome of the deep dive meeting was a slight architectural shift that aims the project in a better direction. He said the change helps in Safety and Scaling of the system. https://github.com/vistadataproject/RPCMirror </br> </br> 7) **Dr. Richards** highlighted the technical deep dive on 03-21-2019 was a major milestone achieved.  It validated the VAM2 approach and acknowledged that the minor tweak in the architecture helps us do a better job from the very beginning in delivering the required security to the VistA. https://github.com/vistadataproject/VAM2ProjectManagement/blob/master/Documents/weekly_meeting_minutes/Technical%20Deep%20Dive%20Meeting%20at%20AWS%20on%2003-21-2019.md |
| 4. |	Next Steps | Get updated RV docs submitted for appropriate reviews |
| 5. | Adjourned: 4:35 pm |  |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1:  Update the architecture diagram | Conor and Michael | 03-26-2019 | 04-03-2019 | 03-27-2019 | :white_check_mark: | 
| 2. | AI 2:  Get PO Assigned for VAM2 | Cheryl and Nilesh | 03-26-2019 | 04-03-2019 | - | - |
| 3. | AI 3:  Submit updated RV documents for review | Nilesh | 03-26-2019 | 04-03-2019 | - | - | 	
	





