## Weekly Meeting Minutes  - VistA Adaptive Maintenance
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veteran Health Administration


### Meeting Information
| -- | -- |
|:---|:---|
| Meeting Purpose: | To discuss VAM2 weekly status  |
| Date & Time: | May 14, 2019; 4:00 pm – 4:30 pm, Eastern Standard Time |
| Location:	| Skype | 
| Facilitator:	| Nilesh Lal |
| Scribe: | Piyush Thesia |


### Attendance

|  | Attendees |  | Attendees	|  | Attendees |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| x | Richards, Rafael M – VA Business Owner | x | Owsley, Cheryl – VA PM |  | Goode, Robert – VA COR |
|   | Weckesser, Michael – VA CS | x | Fourcade, Joseph – VAEC ISO | x | Wilcox, Tom - AbleVets CIO | 
|  | Lentile, Christy – AbleVets Portfolio Director | x | Dowling, Conor – Caregraf Technical Architect | x | Furoyama, Michael – Technical Lead HRG | 
| x | Lal, Nilesh V. - AbleVets PM | x | Faulkner, David – AbleVets System Security Engineer | x | Akamine, Adam - HRG Developer |
| x | Hill, Kristen A. – Cognosante | x | Begay, Bobbi – VA ISSO  | x | Woodroof, Mandi – AbleVets |
| x | Reindle, Christie – HRG Developer | x | Bedifeh, Pius - ASM Research  | x | Thesia, Piyush – AbleVets Associate Business Analyst |

x = in attendance




### Agenda and Meeting Notes

| ID | Topic: |  |
|:---:|:---|:---|
| 1. | Roll Call | 15 Total |
| 2. | Introductions |  | 
| 3. | Key Points </br> 1.	high level summaries will be presented for: </br> a.	Management </br> b.	Technical </br> 2.	Agenda for each track: </br> i.	Overview of progress </br> ii.	What was accomplished in the prior week </br> iii.	What is planned for the coming week iv.	Are we on track to meet deadlines (display GANTT chart) | 1)	Call was delayed by 15 minutes. </br> </br> 2)	**Nilesh** did the Roll Call. </br> </br> 3)	**Piyush** shared the screen and showed the updated ATO dashboard and Issue 52. </br> </br> 4)	**Nilesh** provided high level summary of the documents depicted in issue 52 </br> </br> 5)	**Dr. Richards** requested all documents to be signed this week despite the schedule of ATO submission. </br> </br> 6)	**David** provided further details on the ATO Process. </br> </br> 7)	**Kristen** provided and UNOFFICIAL pre-ATO Nessus scans   then go to this link for the request forms (https://vaww.portal.va.gov/sites/ECS/Pages/Cybersecurity-in-the-VAEC.aspx)  </br> </br> 8)	**Bobbi** joined the call.  Discussion was around where to do the Scan </br> </br> 9)	There was a discussion on Fortify, Nessus, and WASA Scan </br> </br> 10)	**Bobbi** said that: </br> A) A&A has to be followed for Scans </br> B) Information on Scans are in A&A SO </br> C) She also said that we have to scan Pre-prod environment </br> D) She further said that we are responsible for addressing the Customer Responsibility Matrix for ATO </br> E) She added that she cannot recommend bypassing the procedures in the RMF process </br> F) She noted that only services authorized by FedRAMP can be used in VAEC </br> G) She suggested all of the components will need to be documented in our RMF package </br> H) Bobbi asked for an updated SDD as needs this when she reviews controls, evidence, and artifacts </br> </br> 11)	**David** sent **Bobbi** a copy of the SBD and suggested that an updated SBD will definitely be in the associating controls. </br> </br> 12)	**Tom** provided the scope of scans and explained WASA scan. </br> </br> 13)	**David** provided the details on Threat Model  ( Software provided by Microsoft to VA for threats) </br> </br> 14)	**Bobbi** emphasized: </br>   A) Environment build ( Requesting access, account, environment) </br> B) Scans </br> C) Avoid POAM's </br> </br> 15)	**Bobbi** asked about System Admin. **Dr. Richards** explained that there will not be any system admin for this project. </br> </br> 16)	It was agreed that we: </br>  A) Finish RV update by 05-21-2019 </br> B) Review of RV by Bobbi 06-05-2019 </br>  C) Environment ready by 06-05-2019 </br> D) Scans request complete by 06-15-2019 </br> D) Submit ATO by 06-15-2019 </br> </br> 17)	**Tom**, **David** and **Nilesh** to work with **Conor** to identify details required for the Threat model tool. </br> </br>  18) **Michael** said that the technical team was working on Latency test issues. |
| 4. |	Next Steps | Work on completing the RV updates, and get the Environments built |
| 5. | Adjourned: | 5:20 pm |



### Action Items

| ID | Action Item (AI) | AI POC | AI Date | Due Date | Completed Date | Comments |
|:---:|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1. | AI 1: Follow up with Joe Fourcade regarding AWS Cloudwatch | Kristen Hill | 05-14-2019 | 05-21-2019 | - | - | 
| 2. | AI 2: Setup the environment access request for Pre-Prod and Prod | Nilesh Lal | 05-14-2019 | 05-21-2019 | - | - |
| 3. | AI 3: Threat Model tool execution with help from Tom and Conor | Nilesh Lal | 05-14-2019 | 05-21-2019 | - | - |
| 4. | AI 4: High level architecture which we can use to run the software in Production for IOC | Tom Wilcox | 05-14-2019 | 06-05-2019 | - | - | 
| 5.| AI 5:  Update controls and let Bobbi know that Risk Vision is updated | David Faulkner | 05-14-2019 | 05-21-2019 | - | - |



